Architecture Part III (#425)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/guidelines/rust.md

# Rust

> Nearly all guidelines are implemented by rust-clippy, so this document is short.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nearly all guidelines are documented using rust-clippy, so this document is kept short.
```
